goring wakes in a concrete cell marked
with the number 48.
his cellmate trimagassi explains that
they are in a vertical self-management
center
aka the pit a tower style facility in
which food is delivered via a platform
that travels from the top
down stopping for a fixed period on each
floor
those on lower levels can eat only what
those above leave
and the cell is heated or cooled to
fatal temperatures if anyone tries to
keep any of the food
people are randomly reassigned to a new
level each month
each resident is allowed to bring one
item in with them
goring choosing a copy of don quixote
and trimagassia self-sharpening knife
trimacassi reveals that when assigned to
level 132
he and his former cellmate cannibalized
a resident who had fallen down the shaft
one day a bloodied woman named miharu
rides down on the platform
try my gossi explains that she descends
the pit every month in search of her
child
as they talk it is revealed that goring
volunteered to spend six months in the
facility in exchange for a diploma
and trimagassi is serving a year-long
sentence for manslaughter
over the first month they become friends
but on the day of the room shuffle
goring wakes up tied to his bed they
have been reassigned to level 171
where the platform is expected to be
empty of food when it arrives
trimagassi explains that he plans to cut
strips of goring's flesh to sustain them
both
and if goring is complicit he may
survive
on the eighth day trimagassi grows
weaker and starts cutting into goring's
leg but is attacked by miharu as she
comes down the platform
she frees goring and he kills traimagasi
miharu cuts out some of trimagasey's
flesh
feeding goring and eating some herself
she nurses goring
but leaves on the platform when he asks
her about her child
[Music]
on the night before the shuffle goring
is haunted by trimagassi
who explains that they are now both one
and the same and that trimagassi will
never leave him
in the third month goring awakes on
level 33 with a woman
imo guerry and her dog ramuses ii
goring recognizes her as the
administration official who interviewed
him before sending him to the cells
she says that she was unaware of the
horrible conditions and volunteered to
try to fix things when she was diagnosed
with terminal cancer
imo guerry rations her food and attempts
to convince the men on level 34 to do so
as well
but they ignore her two weeks pass and
goring threatens to defecate on the food
if they do not
and it works the two begin to argue over
their methods of persuasion
[Music]
one day miharu arrives injured so goring
and imogueri nurse her back to health
goring mentions miharu's search for her
child to imo guerry
but i'm oguri says that children under
16 are not allowed into the facility and
miharu entered alone
she also claims to know that there are
200 levels in total
goring awakens the following month on
level 202 and finds that imo guerry has
hanged herself
plate with visions of trimagassi and imo
guerry
goring eats her flesh to survive
experiencing hallucinations of
trimagassi
instructing him to do so
at the start of the fifth month goring
is assigned to level six
his new cellmate baharet attempts
unsuccessfully to climb to the upper
level to try to escape
estimating that there are 250 levels
goring convinces biharit to ride the
platform down with him
rationing the food so all get a share
they decide to protect the food until
they get below level 50
from there they'll start to pass out the
food one of the prisoners
the wise senior brambang convinces them
to send a symbolic message to the
administration in the form of leaving a
single dish
untouched a panna cotta as they descend
further
they hand out portions to the prisoners
attacking those who refuse to cooperate
on the way they encounter miharu
fighting two other inmates and try to
save her
but she is killed and they are severely
injured
boring and biharit continue to descend
eventually reaching level
333 where the platform stops
goring notices a child miharu's daughter
hiding under the bed he gets off the
platform
followed hesitantly by baharet only to
have the platform continue downward
leaving them behind despite bihar its
reluctance
they feed the girl the untouched panna
cotta they had saved as a message
for the administrators at the top goring
passes out and dreams of baharet
telling him that the girl is the message
the next day
goring finds biharit dead having bled
out from his injuries
goring takes the child with him when the
platform arrives
they descend to the bottom of the pit
where he once again hallucinates
trimagassi
who tells him that the message requires
no bearer
goring gets off the platform and walks
away with trimagassi
both turning to watch as the girl
ascends on top of the platform